all right who's getting roasted today
I've done my staff other influencers
I've even done you
guys me that's right we're flipping the
script today the employees will be
roasting you and the rest of the
leadership team what like our home
setups yeah but oh boy I guess this is
where we find out what you really think
of us this might be hard to watch hard
to watch everyone loves a good
oldfashioned punching up or in your case
you know punching down that's like
actually
it's clean but it lacks RZ you're like
the head of Creator Warehouse cable
manage all right well uh sit back relax
and enjoy watching me get burned and
watch me burn this segue to our
sponsor MSI put on your aame thanks to
their Crystal Clear 49in QD OLED monitor
with its 0.3 gray to gr response time
and 144 HZ refresh rate you can check it
out using our Link in the video
description
[Music]
I'm Nolan and my boss's boss is Colton
but it used to be Nick what's the
hardest part of working with Colton
today he disappeared halfway through the
day I he just went home um to work to
work from home to work from home would
you say that you admire or fear your
boss more I've never seen him get
agitated at like somebody who he's
managing I've seen him get agitated
about like outside sources here in my
garage you know what I value more than
baller setups knowledge chill ones oh
the chair I had a
$179 Amazon Basics chair that I bought
that why what a hypocrite he reviews
chairs and this is what he uses you
trust this guy I've got the Razer Viper
mini SC which I love I probably paid too
much for it but great he used a $400
Mouse to place ball Gates 3 that's crazy
CL built it for me to Portico some of
the keys don't work but it's pretty good
love that what do you think he uses that
bin for
spatoon what is the shoo on the inside
of his case
oh Colton you moved which means you had
the opportunity to clean it those AO
cables look so old that they're going to
like burst and water damage his PC why
would you ever submit this to be showing
off to someone his external hard drive
is just sitting there
like it's not plugged in if this is
actually like wood with an epoxy pour
that is look at the design in the epox
oh that's super
cool
bro I like the arst KE Eevee that's cute
I love that cute it's cool it's cute
okay yeah we get it mhm it's the only
thing he has to be proud of of the setup
yeah oh let me show you 10 pictures of
my keyboard that doesn't work properly
yeah that looks a little sad that's like
a computer desk chair yeah it's true
yeah I can't imagine sliding back and
forth and then it go so it's only like
what 20 steps if you want a game there's
room man move the speakers is that not a
box for cables yeah it sure is you're
making good use of that thing oh come on
it's right there like just put it here
there's not many cables but you can see
every one of them you know what I mean
so like I give it a 6.5 it's nothing
special but it's good and I'm going to
give it a six I give it a a legitimate
6.9 it's not a seven I give it a six the
chair for me just ruins it way too much
our boss is James if I had to describe
James in one word it would be uh driven
extraverted handsome wonderful you're
such a brown noose he's like um randomly
like freakishly athletic you turn your
back at a writer quarterly get together
and he's like doing a cartwheel and like
a dive roll on the grass I don't know if
James wants me to tell this story but I
still think it's really funny and so I
messaged him I said hey I'm going to
flex the last 15 minutes tomorrow I will
be going to the vet appointment to put
down my cat James replied Flex isn't
allowed in such small increments I
believe it has to be an hour can you do
an adjusted shift and I said okay that
works for
me there are definitely days where like
I can tell he's like more upset because
he's just busy if I had to fight him I
fear Him yeah like socially I admire him
o okay I'm sensing a theme here very
dark and Moody that carpet though but I
definitely want to lie down on it you
know really oh yeah don't you do you
still want to lay on this carpet no not
anymore
is it just not against the wall no he
wants it on the carpet or something
James is the kind of guy who cares about
scratching his floor I'm worried I see
the computer I wonder if it's on the
carpet on the bottom right dude again
with the chair James is someone who's
all about like Ergo and posture and you
have this no desk pad or mouse pad
whatsoever is a little concerning to me
is little fingerprints from the dust is
that a scale what is he measuring under
his desk why there though hey he got
let's go
so that this could just blow out the
picture okay I get it it's a bright
light James what is he playing playing
clean your goddamn desktop holy probably
90% of this are Chrome links you're a
psycho what is this this this this this
use a fter I guarantee you he sits at
this desk maybe 1 hour a week look in
the bottom right corner yeah he hasn't
even activated windows for for this
monitor this mouse is there's a there's
a mismatch here if it works it works you
know you got to stop stop defending
people no no no I'm saying it's it's
it's it's goofy but you know this is
roasting our managers and you're just
like yeah I don't want to get fired
so he just doesn't care unless he has to
maybe he has to work from home for some
reason we know the rest of it the whole
theater banging he's got he's got the
the I think he gets points huge SVS sub
doesn't it look a little bit like it's
from the bathroom of a clover something
like that what do you rate his it's the
lowest yet wa I mean there's no mouse
pad and the chair I can't imagine
sitting that it's a 4.8 if you just
switched the mouse out for almost
anything else I would probably bump it
up a whole point uh I got to go five
five yeah this is pretty bad I think
this is worse than Colton's I think this
is I think it's is seven this is luses
you can watch a million videos on this
it's nice this is definitely the
cleanest one it's the cleanest because
he didn't assemble most of I think the
way he has the basement laid out is sick
a huge inspiration for my upgrade about
putting all my machines in a server rack
was because he had done it like eight
years ago in his old house I love I love
this Vibe I mean there's so much stupid
stuff about this the fact that it's in
another room the fact that like maybe
every four months we have to go over
there and fix it for him also has not
activated Windows that's the secret Labs
chair we have at work that I hate with
all my heart and soul sorry I'm too
short for it and so my legs don't like
bend around the seat so it's not secret
Labs don't cancel
me we have this horrible culture here
where nobody actually cable manages
anything I edited the video where they
set this up rough boss man you you made
Cable Management products MCM LT
store.com this guy Scrolls Facebook
Marketplace as a hobby he Scrolls it as
a job every time I go into a script
review he's like oh just wait I have you
seen this thing on Facebook Market Place
I'm like no lus I have to work today
like you can't tell especially if for
hidden in behind the TV I know that it
can be this is mounted to the unit yeah
what lonus
did what video did yeah I we'll rate it
the highest so far at
88 because you spent too much money
still because all the employees you had
to hire to actually do this for you I'll
give it a nine nine we pour so much of
our resources into it better be a 10
okay it's like a seven I would enjoy
it's clean but it lacks
Riz our boss is Nick my boss's boss is
Nick H working for Nick he is uh super
hardworking and everything that he does
making sure that we're able to launch
all the products that we do sometimes
he's like missing Mia but you know
that's Nick he's just running around
everywhere doing a lot of things for CW
lmg what's the thing about working with
Nick that's the hardest sometimes he
shares a different perspective on things
there's some fashion projects like Zip
off shorts like he's like oh my God guys
need these and I'm like I get it for the
guys who go fishing but maybe sometimes
for the rest of the audience I'm like hm
that might be something that we need to
mul over a little bit more instead of
like like going for it the hardest part
for me of working with Nick is
convincing him he's wrong
sometimes wow browsing the Reddit so he
really hates his mental health wait how
many those excels actually yeah holy
crap nail clippers oh he's got a plank
glass it's already up there for me I
love it I wonder what stream is he
watching he's watching virtual that's
pretty cool you know I give him points
for that that looks a lot like a
passport put it somewhere else your
first B baby that's so cute oh my God
yeah and doesn't the baby look like that
Meme as well the like the brother ew
you're like the head of Creator
Warehouse cable
manage this is going to be a tripping
Hazard soon for the baby what is this
duct the head my god get yourself some
new ones no hey at least it's black I
think the funniest thing is that all of
our bosses are so godamn cheap seriously
hello one RGB thing the face of your
demons oh my God dust P totally can yeah
these are the desks we have at work I
bet you he got these desks for free 100%
do a bit more cleaning but he's a busy
dad totally fair totally fair do you
have to have it shining like that at an
angle get storage units and put all of
your stuff in the drawer uh ugly ass
dbrand skin um on the laptop all the
sponsors today D Brand's got some good
looking stuff but I hate it this looks
like the best chair out of the lot so
far even though it sucks so you do have
storage you just don't use it oh he's
got the Lululemon hat cuzz if it's not
LT he's in Lululemon this one ah yeah
yeah yeah oh he's got other so many this
is at like iight for him up here that's
what you see so you just like don't
notice this take take two seconds just
just just just just tight just tidy it
up oh so then like this is like the Zoom
meeting background right yeah that looks
good I'd rate this setup a 6.5 s out of
10 actually um just based on the the
Shelf here and the mess those are easy
fixes four dang to be fair do you know
what I'd rate my setup like a three or a
two like I don't my setup sucks dang I'm
giving this a seven oh wa okay I think
that huh I like a livable ah no you know
what I'm giving it a six and a half now
that I think about it a little bit more
okay Taran a lot of cables why does this
give me like college Vibes super
off-centered monitor super offset photo
the other way cable management is awful
that's the big takeaway from this is
that people just don't really about
their cable management at all oh my God
colle Potter's got goals yeah his goals
are to Cable manage his setup yeah holy
crap you can tell he's
old holy why do you proudly have this on
display is that a ruler underneath what
are you measuring at your desk Taran is
that Skype yeah that is Skype why I have
not seen one of these things in like
forever but I'm sure PE people in the
comments will be like oh I use this on
the regular what are you talking about
what is that
Wilson gets a little bit annoyed kicks
the volleyball what is he kicking it at
just the wall if this power supply has
its fan down
it's I'll give this one a 5.5 clean it
up a bit make it look a little bit more
updated not like from college maybe a
six and a half I'll give him an extra
half point a five cuz it's not nothing
centered that's not centered okay sure
I'll go six our boss is edel what's it
like to work for edzel it's a very
intense
experience sometimes I feel like as a
general everything here happens
incredibly quickly how would you
describe edzel in one word have you met
a
brick yeah solid guy to this day I have
not seen the man eat a full meal I can
agree that yeah I've never seen him eat
anything would you say that you admire
or fear edel Moore oh definitely fear
are they the only two op op by default
I'm like an anxious person M I fear
Nicole more than Ed when somebody has a
thing for knives you'd walk into the
editing day all you hear was knives
opening and closing wow that's a lot of
super glue his man just huffing glue and
doing knife tricks at his desk all day
there's a lot of clutter but it's not
like gross clutter like it's giving he
just uses his space a lot how high is he
sitting like the bottom of that top
monitor is De cut off that that this
second speaker placement oh my God it is
centered like behind the monitor
please I like the whole yeah the set up
there you know what I mean oh this is
Vancouver after the big one holy crap
he's missing his entire like back panel
why did you even
B look at how bad this is okay so he
does have a 3D printed GPU Mount M so it
is a little bit supported that's that's
good what would you rate this one a five
oh really I'd go higher I was going to
go a seven Hi I can't see his chair
respect where it's du he did not clean
up the photo to try and look good that's
true he just said this is me baby I give
it a
three ooh this gets like an eight what
yeah I don't know I'm like K got 6 and a
half from me he could tied you up a bit
more and Nicole what do you like so much
about this and eight a pretty high score
I want everything at my fingertips this
is practicality at its best my bosses
Luke he's kind of scary like he'll he'll
be like cuz he's so busy he doesn't have
time to like schedule some of his
meetings so he's like come out to the
conference room now and I'm like okay
and I go up I'm like oh no am I in
trouble he's like so how's it going and
I'm like I both fear and respect him man
the bezels on that right monitor are
chunky this is like line of setup what
with a soul is this just someone who
cleaned before taking the photos though
oh for sure yeah okay yeah also with the
exact same wallpaper like repeated I
don't know why that freaks me out
wo this is different this is different I
was hoping to find something to roast
you for because we went pretty hard on
our viewers in the roasting viewers
setup this looks good though it is nice
oh also based you can't even get that at
Canada so he definitely stole that from
the office keyboard looks cute and the
uh Artisan on the keyboard matches the
deskpad and his PC which is pretty cool
their setups really Vibe with each other
like if you go back and look at the
backgrounds they're both like green it
matches the energy of the room there's
like the plant there's the lamp I bet he
can oneand that water bottle which is
not easy if you want to do the oneand
challenge go to LTG store.com and pick
yourself up a Chun bottle it's
legitimately difficult when that thing's
full the power
stand who's that man that's how I want
my beard to be it's just like hair just
all like the extension all the way
around you know is that
crooked oh oh orientation of the couch
to the TV yeah it's not right who sits
like that maybe it fit the space but
then they realize that there was the
heater there and they didn't they can't
put you don't want to put your couch
right in front of your electric heater
that's like actually criminal I can
definitely tell like where their
priorities are it's like gaming first
everything else second cuz they've even
sacrificed their kitchen island for the
PC setup it's the best yet absolutely if
you know you're not going to go outside
this is fine I'm still going to give it
9 out of 10 I mean this is like an 8.9
for me yeah oh this is a nine for sure
eight and a half just because of like
the thoughtfulness of the space and also
just like the overall Vibes being really
cozy and comfy like is it the most like
super instagrammable like Luke's setup
is an 8.5 out of 10 for me Luke's setups
just for the PCS mhm is a 10 out of 10
for me the couch and TV on its own I
would give it like a four out of 10
teren I think shocked me the most just
because CEO is maybe just a title you
expect like pristine desk that cable
management sucked I think my opinion of
Taran has like changed quite a bit not
quite a bit but it it is I did not
expect this from Taran Colton's I I
expected maybe we just don't know Taran
enough Taran you want to go for lunch
damn it I same I the exact same thing no
I asked first I asked first no no no
mebe I can't believe they're my
superiors no I'm joking no no I don't
think I would be able to guess it if I
didn't see the name oh yeah for sure but
I would not edel I yeah okay I'd guess
edil yeah they all look like normal
people's
desks and like except for the one that's
except for luses yeah but I already knew
what luses looked like yeah all right
you guys got us pretty good but I will
say you forgot to give the people
something very
important this segue to our
sponsor delete me are you fed up with
all those scam calls like no Randy I
don't want to buy a vacation package for
400 especially at 7:00 a.m. in the
morning I'd like to stay home in bed
please if you're ever wondering how your
information got leaked in the first
place it's probably thanks to one of
numerous data Brokers that's right your
personal information might be sold
online without your permission but don't
worry delete me is here to remove your
data from hundreds of data broker
websites and they even have family plans
with their family account management you
can easily add family members ensuring
personalized protection for each one
their privacy first design means each
family member gets their own data sheet
keeping their online footprint secure
and with simplified management
overseeing your family's privacy has
never been easier take control of your
privacy and reduce the risk of exposure
spam and scam calls from folks like
Randy I don't like him check out delete
me using the link in the description and
use code lt20 at checkout for 20% off if
you guys liked this video why not check
out the one where Luke and I take shots
at our staff that's right how the turnt
have
turned again